feat:[PIPE-20771]: Add multi and single selection info in runtime input (#7984)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/runtime-input-usage.md

Reviewer: Potential broken link for allowed values here:
https://github.com/harness/developer-hub/pull/7984/files#diff-76c69da05ed27a937e4ccbfe3801bbabe4d243d5dcfd137b80e7518636085f49R311

Author: I checked @bhumijgupta, nothing seems to be broken in the page

:::

## Allow Multi Selection and Single selection

:::note

> Currently, multiple and single selection for runtime inputs is behind the feature flag `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature.

Reviewer: This is a bit misleading. If the feature flag is disabled, the single selection is still available to the customer via `allowedValues` and `selectOneFrom`. After enabling the feature flag, single selection is only available through `selectOneFrom`

:::

## Allow Multi Selection and Single selection

:::note

> Currently, multiple and single selection for runtime inputs is behind the feature flag `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 

Reviewer 2: Basically *multiple selection* is behind the FF. *Single Selection* is not behind the FF, it can be enabled today by using .selectOneFrom(). If the FF is turned off, then even .allowedValues() is Single Selection.

:::

You can select a **Mode** of selection while creating allowed values in Runtime Input:- 

![](./static/mode_of_Selection_allowed_value.png)

### Multi Selection

Use Multi Selection if you want to choose one or more values from the list of [allowed values](#set-allowed-values). You can use multiple selection for runtime inputs in pipelines, stages, and shell script variables only. Multiple selection is an extension of allowed values; you must specify allowed values to use multiple selection.

![](./static/runtime-inputs-11.png)

### Single Selection

> You can use **Single Selection**, if you want to chose only one values from the list of [allowed values](#set-allowed-values). 

Reviewer 2: only one *value* (typo)

![](./static/single_selection_option.png)

When writing pipelines in YAML, you can define Single Selection in allowed values by appending the `.selectOneFrom()` method to `<+input>`. For example: `<+input>.selectOneFrom(a,b,c)`.

:::important note
1. When using secrets as runtime inputs and configuring allowed values, the UI will not display an option for single selection. By default, only one value can be selected for a secret during runtime. 

> 2. If FF `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES` is disbaled you will have an option to select single selection via allowed values as well, if it's enabled then single selection is only available via [UI and selectOneFrom](#single-selection). 

Reviewer 2: typo: spelling of disabled. 

Basically if the FF is turned off, then <+input>.allowedValues(), and <+input>.selectOneFrom() both have identical behaviour of selecting a single value. 

When the FF is turned on, then, all the existing .allowedValues() will turn into multi-select. If the user wants to keep them as single select, they must change these to .selectOneFrom().

:::

## Allow Multi Selection and Single selection

You can select a **Mode** of selection while creating allowed values in Runtime Input:- 

![](./static/mode_of_Selection_allowed_value.png)

### Multi Selection

:::note
Currently, multiple selection for runtime inputs is behind the feature flag `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`. Contact [Harness Support](mailto:support@harness.io) to enable the feature. 
:::

> Use Multi Selection if you want to choose one or more values from the list of [allowed values](#set-allowed-values). You can use multiple selection for runtime inputs in pipelines, stages, and shell script variables only. Multiple selection is an extension of allowed values; you must specify allowed values to use multiple selection.

Reviewer 2: Multi Select maps to the functor .allowedValues(), and Single Select maps to the functor .selectOneFrom(). I think we should name these functors in the documentation, so that users who want to migrate over the selectOneFrom() can do it even before the FF is turned on.

![](./static/runtime-inputs-11.png)

### Single Selection

:::note
1. If FF `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES`, is turned off, then using Allowed values and Single Selection both have identical behaviour of selecting a single value.

> 2. If FF `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES` then, all the existing Allowed values will turn into **multi-select**. If the user wants to keep them as single select, they must change the option to **Single Selection**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If FF `PIE_MULTISELECT_AND_COMMA_IN_ALLOWED_VALUES` is turned on, all the existing Allowed values will turn into **multi-select**. If the user wants to keep them as single select, they must change the option to **Single Selection**.
```
